Young master confessed
You can't take anything from Zheng Yuan
Hey, this is my bag, okay?
You can find me now.
This diamond ring is worth hundreds of thousands
Count the hard work I earned for so many days
So simple to dress up
I won't make it easy for you
Hey little
It's normal to argue with your boyfriend occasionally
You can live here in peace, Zhiwei
Thank you. You're okay.
Hey Zhiwei
Why did you buy so many calcium tablets?
he
He's pregnant.
The doctor said to take more calcium
I'm afraid he'll save money and be reluctant to buy it.
I specially bought some and will send them to him in a few days.
No wonder Gu Yunting suddenly kicked me out of Zhenyuan
Take your belly and force the ditch, right?
Jiang Yining, let's wait and see
And I'm going to tell you a little bit about that.
The specific content of this plan
Look at the big screen
one year
You are now three months pregnant and pay attention to being tired by him
Nutrition should keep up
This church secretary is actually pregnant out of wedlock, hahaha.
Is it normal to have a fiancé who is pregnant?
Private things are cast on the public screen